it's all good but I got scared again
hey guys I'm back why don't you guys
know Isaac my puppy don't cheat oh he
has an Instagram account under the name
Isaac one and go follow him I have
created it because I wanted to post his
outfits like where I got his clothes and
all that because I know when I first had
him it was like I didn't really find a
lot of cute stuff for boys but there
really is a lot of cute stuff too and
it's really fun to dress boys most of
the time though my husband is the one
that dresses him because they kind of
like the same style so if I have a
grilled oh that stupid story
I won't fine later with legend yeah okay
just like that huh shut up horse rider
or Tata fine just a little peaceful
you want bully okay you want bully you
eat color of s and rice you forgot to
make the rice white which is why we were
have a yachtie okay but yesterday's one
of our favorite grocery stores for
Mexican food or for anything but they
have like the best Mexican food in there
to make so we also just recently started
getting into Trader Joe's because that
you really do have great stuff today's
dinner
courtesy of Jesse for my broken plate
got the old chata
my computer with all of I six stickers
he always gives me stickers and I put
them in my computer so the third store
we found this bookshelf for fifteen
dollars real wood so we're gonna paint
it like a really light yellow and take
all this stuff off but we needed a
bookshelf and we didn't want to get like
a really big one for i6 from gonna go up
on Isaac's room I want to show you guys
what else make off from a goodwill
actually so let me get the stuff cuz I
got him a bunch of like really old books
from the 60s so I ended up buying a lot
of stuff at the thrift store one of the
things that I got was this little Santa
which I'm not sure where I'm gonna put
him but he's been great condition he was
like $2.99 he has like this little pouch
in the back and I thought it was really
cute so I've got that and I also got all
of these small little ornaments this one
is a snowman it's a candle and I also
got this other little Santa and then
this is actually eight on a salt shaker
but I just got it for decoration I
didn't get the pair and I also got this
tiny little Santa mug super cute and
small as these are really adorable I
think there's no manner
not sure but I ended up getting these so
I'm gonna cook these around my house and
I also got Isaac a bunch of different
books I got this one from me actually
cuz I I was obsessed with the
baby-sitters club
so Christie's worst idea I got it
maybe if I have a daughter she might
like this one and I got him a bunch of
different books I like to get the ones
from like the 60s and the 70s and the
Walt Disney one's this one's also a
vintage book you could just tell by the
by the feel and the way they smell yeah
I did a fitting I'm on a lot of books
cuz that's one of our favorite things to
do in our free time is read books so I'm
gonna make some of this sipping
chocolate from Trader Joe's remember I
told you guys that I got it was it was
recommended on the holiday guide from
Trader Joe's
it was really good I think my parents
are really gonna like it when I should
add some of that powder into little jugs
that I'm making anyways guys that I am
really obsessed with this new game I am
addicted to this game it's called hay
day and I'm on farm level 20 99.9 20 so
if you guys want to befriend me cuz
nobody wants to follow my farm and I
followed a lot of farms already I think
maybe because already I just started but
yay look at my farm it's making me want
to have a farm in real life so this is
my beautiful farm
so it's getting better and better off
like every day so if you need to know
about this game it's pretty much like oh
you rate you I hope you grow your own
crops and then you sell them in exchange
for fake money
fake coins but it's really cool because
some people are on like that I've seen
on level like 143 143 so specific but
their farm is hooked up it has like like
puns and cats and dogs and they're all
so cute and then they have like gazebos
and all that so that's hey try to steal
my chocolate still have to make my
Christmas list of what I want for
Christmas just kidding I still yeah I do
I gotta tell you what I want for
Christmas hey Jesse said for me to make
a list of the stuff that I want but
honestly this year I don't even want
anything work there's nothing that I
want
you know what is it you suck this here
there's nothing that I want we just
finished up making a list of everybody
in our family I know what I want
UV sterilizer for the fish tank that's
not very long yeah I don't even know
what that is a UV sterilizer for the
fish
hey guys wanted to wish you guys be very
happy Sunday um today I'm spending the
day filming um yeah so I'm doing it
happy Sunday we just came from we just
went into target and we got some stuff
this guy named Isaac is killing the
Nutella first time he tries it out he's
like Sucker Free he don't want to share
with me so now we're gonna go to Home
Depot and for now Home Depot we're gonna
go to Lowe's because we're gonna buy
some yellow paint for the bookshelf that
we got yesterday at the thrift store so
that's what we're gonna go do and then
I'm gonna go home and finish Oh actually
we're gonna make up now Salah today oh
he doesn't want any more so I'm gonna
kill it
he's actually great to just put on the
diaper bag
ah baby my teeth are sensitive to the
chocolate I'm so hungry